ORCID

ORCID stands for Open Researcher and Contributer ID: A persistent digital identifier for anyone working in academia.

ORCID is a unique personal identifier that allows researchers to easily and automatically connect their research information across a wide range of online databases. 
You can think of ORCID as the academic equivalent of your passport: It ensures other research systems and services know who you are and what you have done. 
You might also think of it as an ISBN for people, instead of books.

The advantages of ORCiD

• ORCiD prevents name confusions and increases visibility

• ORCiD is an international standard required for submissions 
 and research proposals

• ORCiD saves time by connecting and updating selected 
repositories

• ORCiD is an open, non-profit organization, driven by the scientific 
community.

• ORCiD is not limited by one institution and completely owned 
 by the researcher

Testimonies

"A big advantage of using ORCID is that it incorporates information from various sources (e.g. Researcher ID, Scopus, Crossref) into a single overview. 
Furthermore, it automatically updates your information once links with these other systems are created. So it saves a lot of time that can be devoted to research or teaching. 
It also allows you to gain real-time insight on non-scientific dissemination of your work, such as social media, news messages and policy reports. 
ORCID opens possibilities for showing individuals’ contributions to scientific output in the near future."

Dr. Bianca Suanet
http://orcid.org/0000-0002-5289-3176
Faculty of Social Sciences

"I want to make the best of my time. With ORCID I don’t have to worry about the different ways my name is spelled in different journals. (e degeus, e degues, EJ de geus, E de Geus, EJC de geus, etc.) 
When ORCID is used during paper submission, my affiliation name is automatically added. For manuscripts with 700+ co-authors in a consortium, this literally saves one day of work. 
Also in order review a paper, most journals identify you with your ORCID, and the papers automatically linked to it."

Prof. dr. Eco de Geus
http://orcid.org/0000-0001-6022-2666
Faculty of Behavioural and Movement Sciences Director EMGO+ Research Institute
